hello hello I'm your I'm your guest host
tonight Channing Denis entertain
Channing Tatum taint him hi I'm Channing
Tatum
I'm chatting hello Channing Tatum you're
nervous yeah you're crazy come on you're
gonna be great you're Channing Tatum
yeah that's it hold on I need to write
down your writing your name on your hand
Channing - oh come on you're really
you're gonna be great oh no one hate no
one's gonna care about what you say
especially after you dance no Ellen I'm
not gonna dance dancing is your thing
and I'm not gonna do that
yes I did invent dance but tonight I
give you the gift of dance I'm not doing
that we haven't prepared anything it's
just not gonna happen
[Music]
[Applause]
here is the dawn back we'll have to face
the jam is live in the best and I don't
waste time off the mic with the boat
bomb jump to the river jumped off the
village on delivery for me to shake the
pan take a chance
[Music]
[Applause]
hi I'm Julie Kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die